which festival is held in newcastle 's gay community in mid-july ?
what is an annual two-day multicultural event held in newcastle in late august ?
where will the 2009 international arts fair be held ?
what festival is held in october in newcastle ?
what cultural festival is the sama festival ?
who holds an annual international arts fair in newcastle ?
what genre of music is lindisfarne classified as ?
what year was the song fog on the tyne released ?
what band is considered by many to be the first black metal group ?
what band is often regarded as the first folk metal group ?
what group is newcastle native andy taylor the former lead guitarist of ?
between what dates was the building on pilgrim street refurbished ?
where was a cinema relocated while repairs were underway ?
how many cinemas are currently housed at one site ?
what 's the name of the united kingdom 's sole remaining news cinema ?
where is the tyneside bar located ?
where is the science village located ?
what does the discovery museum draw attention to ?
what type of heritage does tyneside have ?
what year saw the merger of two museums in newcastle ?
what museum in newcastle is dedicated to children 's books ?
what is the earliest known movie featuring scenes filmed outdoors in newcastle ?
what 1971 film was shot on location in newcastle ?
what genre of film was the 1988 film stormy monday ?
who directed stormy monday ?
what famous musician starred in stormy monday ?
where is newcastle 's horse racing course located ?
what is the name of newcastle 's basketball team ?
what 's the name of newcastle 's speedway team ?
where can you see greyhound racing in newcastle ?
what famous 5.9-mile athletic event takes place annually in newcastle in june ?
how far is newcastle 's airport from the center of town ?
how is newport 's airport connected to the city ?
how long does it take to get to the middle of newcastle from its outskirts when riding the rails ?
how many passengers per year does newcastle 's airport handle ?
how many destinations are available worldwide from newcastle 's airport ?
what was enhanced in 2014 ?
how many grade one listed railway stations are in the uk ?
what queen opened the first covered railway station in the world ?
who constructed newcastle 's station ?
what mainline station is to the east of the city center ?
how often do trains journey to king 's cross ?
how many hours can one expect to ride the train from newcastle to king 's cross ?
where do all trains going to scotland stop at ?
whose trains serve destinations in yorkshire ?
which train company provides local and regional services ?
what underground railways cover much of tyne and wear ?
how many phases was the metro opened in between 1980 and 1984 ?
what type of tunnels are constructed through newcastle 's city center ?
what did queen elizabeth ii open in newcastle in 1981 ?
how many passengers a year does the rail network in newcastle carry ?
what is the name of the current refurbishment the system is undergoing ?
what does the replacement of the ticket machines and introduction of ticket gates herald the transition to ?
what is being overhauled as part of the improvement works ?
what will be obtained as part of longer term plans for improvements to newcastle 's train system ?
what type of train would some of the proposed new routes require ?
what major newcastle road stretches from edinburgh to london ?
what newcastle road heads west to carlisle ?
what 's the nickname for newcastle 's a167 ?
what was renumbered in newcastle upon completion of the western bypass ?
what was increased in november 2011 ?
how many bus companies provide service to the city of newcastle ?
how many major bus stations are in the city of newcastle ?
who is newcastle 's primary bus operator in the city proper ?
what is nexus ?
what bus company in newcastle provides the majority of services south of the river ?
what year did newcastle first develop its cycling strategy ?
what does the local council hope will help cut down traffic congestion in newcastle ?
what type of living does cycling promote ?
what streets are contraflows to be implemented on in newcastle ?
what would the local council of newcastle like to link their local bike networks to ?
who runs a service out of newcastle 's international ferry terminal ?
when did the dfds ferry service to sweden case operation ?
what did dfds cite as the reasons it terminated operations ?
when did dfds terminate its services to norway ?
what cruise line has included newcastle as a departure port since 2007 ?
how many lea-funded 11 to 18 schools are there in newcastle ?
how many of the schools in newcastle are independent ?
what is the largest co-ed independent school in newcastle ?
what is the largest general further education college in the north east ?
what religion is st cuthbert 's high school dominated by ?
how many universities does newcastle have ?
which university has its origins in a school dealing with medicine and surgery ?
what did newcastle university win in 2000 ?
what happened in 1992 in a uk-wide process ?
what university won the award for most it enabled organisation ?
how many cathedrals does newcastle have ?
what year was st. nicholas ' lantern tower made ?
which cathedral is located in fenham ?
which church 's saint is nicknamed the martyr ?
what did all three cathedrals in newcastle begin their existence as ?
which parish church in newcastle is typically agreed to be the oldest one in town ?
what year was the latest addition to the church of st. andrew ?
what was added to the the church of st. andrew in 1726 ?
what surrounds the church of st. andrew ?
what received a battering during the siege of newcastle ?
where was itv tyne tees based for over 40 years ?
where did itv tyne tees move in 2005 ?
what gave its name to the 1980s music television program " the tube " ?
why is the building on spital tongues known as the pink palace ?
what local radio station is broadcast by the corporation from the pink palace ?
what is the name of newcastle 's first full-time community radio station ?
what radio station do the students of newcastle 's two universities run ?
how long has radio tyneside been the voluntary hospital radio service ?
what newcastle radio station is based at the great north children 's hospital ?
where does the newcastle student radio station broadcast from during terms ?
what year did charles avison die in newcastle ?
what title did newcastle native basil hume achieve ?
who is known as the father of the modern steam railways ?
what did sir charles parsons invent ?
what country was abhisit vejjajiva prime minister of , despite having been born in newcastle ?
what school did both hank marvin and bruce welch attend ?
what is michael carrick and alan shearer 's profession ?
what prize did peter higgs win ?
what did john dunn invent ?
what city was former wwe nxt champion neville born in ?
where is the victoria and albert museum located ?
how many permanent objects are located there ?
when was the victoria and albert museum founded ?
who is the museum named for ?
in which london borough is the victoria and albert museum located ?
in what year was the victoria and albert museum founded ?
which monarchs was the victoria and albert museum named after ?
which department sponsors the victoria and albert museum ?
in which year did the museum started charging free admission fees ?
how many acres does the v & a cover ?
how many galleries does the v & a have ?
how many years does the v & a 's collections span ?
which cultures are represented in the v & a 's collections ?
the v & a owns the largest collection of which period in sculptural art history ?
the v & a has its origins in which world exposition ?
who was the v & a 's first director ?
what was the museum originally called ?
where was the v & a transferred to from its original location at marlborough house ?
which german architect was asked to produce a design for the museum ?
who officially opened the v & a ?
what is the exact date of the v & a 's official opening ?
who is known as the first keeper of fine art collection at the v & a ?
the use of gas lighting made what possible the year after the museum officially opened ?
in which year did the royal college of art gained full independence from the v & a ?
when was the britain can make it exhibition held ?
how many visitors did the britain can make it exhibition attract ?
who organized the britain can make it exhibition ?
the success of the britain can make it exhibition led to the planning of what exhibition in 1951 ?
most of the museum 's collection had been returned by which year ?
what did the v & a present in july 1973 as part of its youth outreach programme ?
which musical group did the v & a present in july 1973 as part of its youth outreach programme ?
the v & a 's youth outreach programme was a hallmark of whose directorship ?
which musical genre did the progressive folk-rock band gryphon presented at a concert/lecture at the v & a ?
the v & a is looking to open a branded gallery in which city in scotland ?
what is the estimated cost of the v & a branded gallery ?
where in dundee will the gallery be located ?
what will v & a dundee focus on ?
when could v & a dundee ?
what was the building that formerly occupied the v & a 's present site called ?
what was the first building erected that still forms part of the museum ?
who designed the turner and vernon galleries that were built in 1858-9 ?
in which year were the north and south courts opened ?
what does the secretariat wing house ?
who was the designer of the oriental courts ?
what art historical style was used in the decoration for the northern part of the museum ?
who designed the bronze doors used as the main entrance to the museum ?
what famous english physicist and mathematician was depicted in the main bronze door entrance of the museum ?
what italian painter was depicted in the main bronze door entrance of the museum ?
who were responsible for the interior decorations of the green dining room ?
who designed the ceiling and stained-glass windows of the green dining room ?
who was responsible for the decorations of the centre refreshment room ?
who designed and sculpted the marble fireplace in the centre refreshment room ?
who was responsible for the decorations of the grill room ?
